● What is `NPM`?

NPM is the world's largest software registry for JAVASCRIPT language. Developers can use it for sharing or borrowing some piece of JAVASCRIPT code/functionality. Using it, We can develop an application more faster as we can assemble diffrent functionalities in our application.

● What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?

Parcel/Webpack is an open source bundler. It manages dev and production build. It creates server for development environment. It uses cache for faster development process. It minifies files for production. It also helps in optimizing the images. It enables our code to run on older version of browser. 

● What is `.parcel-cache`?

.parcel-cache is a directory generated and maintained by parcel bundler for faster development build.

● What is `npx` ?

npx is a command to execute npm packages.

● What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies` ?

dependencies are the packages which are installed globally. dependencies are managed in package.json file.

devDependencies are the packages which are installed for the dev environment. devDependencies are managed in package.json file.

● What is Tree Shaking?
Tree Shaking aka dead code elimination is mechanism by which parcel analyzes imports and exports of each module and removes everything that is not being used in the production build. It supports both static and dynamic import().

● What is Hot Module Replacement?

If we use a bundler and we run the server provided by the bundler, as we make changes in our code, it will get reflected in the browser. This happens because the bundler automatically rebuilds the changed files and updates the app in the browser. By default the bundler fully reloads the page, but in some cases it uses HMR for better performance. Becase HMR improves the development experience by updating the modules in the browser at runtime without refreshing the whole and it retains the application state when we made some small changes like updating the css.

● List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words.

1. Minification - It generates minified files in dist directory for product build.

2. Caching while development - It generates and maintains a .percel-cache directory for caching the files during development. It helps in faster development build.

3. Compatible with older version of browser - It uses browserlist package internally for making the code compatible with every browser.

4. HTTPS on development - We can enable HTTPS during our development.

5. File Watcher - It uses File Watcher written in C++ to watch every file in our project root (including node_modules) and determines which files to rebuilt.

6. Dev Server - It creates server for us to run our project on browser during development phase.

● What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?

.gitignore file is used for git repo in the project root directory. We use it for mentioning all the files or directories which we don't want to push to git repo.

We should not add those files which later can be generated on the server. For example, We won't add node_modules in the git repo as we can generate it using package.json and package-lock.json in the server. So we only push package.json and package-lock.json files.

● What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?

In package.json file, basic information of the project is mentioned. Also it maintains the package information which we install during development.

In package-lock.json file, the transitive dependency trees of the packages in the package.json file are mentioned along with its exact versions so that in future developers can install the same versioned dependencies in their system. 

● Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?

If we modify it, then the transitive dependency tree would get corrupted and as a result when a developer try to install it in their system or server, it can generate error and application won't run until it gets same dependency environment. 

● What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

node_modules is directory generated by npm for managing the transitive dependecies of the project. When we install a package through npm it is generally saved in this directory with its dependencies.

We should not add those files which later can be generated on the server. We won't add node_modules in the git repo as we can generate it using package.json and package-lock.json in the server. So we only push package.json and package-lock.json files.

● What is the `dist` folder?

dist folder is generated by bundler. The bundler maintains its development and production build files in it. 

● What is `browserlists`?

browserlists is javascript package which is used for allowing an application to run on a specified browsers with a specified verion. 

● What is ^ - caret and ~ - tilda?

~ - tilda - It is used to match most recent patch version. It freezes major and minor version. As we know patch updates are bug fixes, so this notation allows us automatically accepts bug fixes.
~1.2.0 = this means it will update to 1.2.x.

^ - caret - It is used for automatically updating the minor updates along with the patch updates.
^1.2.0 = this means it will update to 1.x.x. 